[Music]
i
yes no
[Music]
almost nothing
and
[Music]
never
Peru
[Music]
to the
page
[Music]
there
if it has happened to me
[Music]
what's going on
yes
[Music]
Toyota
not even until mine Anna Mari Mari
friend
[Music]
[Applause]
warmer whether weak and it has been preached
although that one beyond will be more
this is me by the nose
for me my sister Carmen Paris for the
yucca unhappiness
the fifth and brings a callus the chemistry
speak
tasty for the quality anomaly
Paris
[Music]
[Applause]
is stupid
[Music]
[Applause]
a drink out peace
and Canada
[Music]
so when we go out on the street in Gavà
deceased
[
Music] I decided to talk about her friendship with Martin Vari yes and and and I sandy 2 [Music] yes [Music] and now what hands in the chat please hands in the chas and please while we are okay they took it seriously
for me
of fusion
[Music]
yes
and and
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
for
me
[Music]
now hearts hearts hearts
and
[Music]
no
[Music] [
Music] and
[Music]
for grandparents grandparents 'we have and from
grandparents
[Music]
ah
bravo bravo and my people
today I come with the voice still that is not
good night how are you family well very
late very late now super [ __ ] but I have to
leave the salsero here and
whoever wants to stay and whoever doesn't
enjoy it tomorrow okay but now you
bravo bravo bravo every day we surpass ourselves
as a family every day we surpass ourselves support you
thank you very much  17 months
colleagues
17 months I [ __ ] in the host it's
17 months 17 months ago we weren't even
born the 500 600 people who are
here
and you were already a member friends and you were already
members and that's why I carry you in my
heart and in the simple family today
I bring you some false
uff
use I'm
going to put a link to members pinned in the
chat okay I'm
going to put in the six members and
quickly attach I don't know how many members we are
right now
uff
what a content shot today I don't even know
how many videos we put out today what a
video on the main channel
guys and welcome king
what did you think of the video on the
main channel who has seen it the
main leader is the others
the ninth is nothing like
the video on the main channel who has seen it
who has seen the video on the main channel let's
see if I could comment okay already
pinned pinned in the six members in
the chat okay I
rather invited you responded last night
here
what will I do but where can I see that
where can I see that
is it true or is it a lie that
can be seen somewhere
where one sees that
in your  body look why thank you thank you thank you that
can be seen that true
that can be seen
false or not
social networks are
about and what he said
and what he told me I
want him to
say that I'm a loser
and
a loser that he caught him in a
live debate like that
and that whenever I want I'll catch him again and
that whenever I want I'll catch him because
now I have more information
now I have more information than I
had
now I have more information and more
daycare centers that he has done than I
had the day I was datil because the
debate was unexpected and even so I
got it really hard
now yes I got it really hard I have to
summarize I have to
summarize ss that debate I
have to summarize that debate dude but anyway
if someone has the clip of what I
said how he insulted me pass it to me and you
know what I'm going to do if more
insults to what I'm going to do
report it to tweets the same thing that
the [ __ ] pig does with the companions who
close their fasting channels because he
talks to an opa that is the
others arrive so if he has insulted me
send me the clip to send it to him tweets
and I run into him just like I ran into him in
the debate dad I run into him on twitter
okay
let's see too much let's see more
really what happened and it's that no
my goodness he went to hang out with Rayitos
with Rayito
but yes but yes I can be accurate in
saying that if he hadn't gone all the way there we
wouldn't have put so much pressure on the
authorities to show where
Bani's body was no well this is
incredible this is incredible
many followers
of this guy have come okay
many followers of this scoundrel have come who
believe
the mafia theater
because that's what
ignorant people have
to tell me in the comments box that
the case thanks Alejandro welcome
back that Bani's case
went viral because of the mafia
poor things
poor things poor
if you remember what they tell you I don't know no they do
n't sound familiar to me you know I
tried but they couldn't with me you know that's what
happened to him but I tried
because him and the people that hang out with him
always do the same thing they
talk about whoever the hell wants
but the moment you [ __ ] him it's really
good  how I [ __ ] him, I [ __ ] him
really hard, you know, and I had a
great debate, and not only that, but the people in the
videos
started whining afterward and reporting me, but
what happens to me is that they're not going to kick me
out because at that moment, you
know, when he was breaking the bank, but he, he
tried, he tried what he did
with Orla, he tried with me, you know,
what I said, family, there are people, there's an audience
for this scoundrel, this
scoundrel who has become rich, okay,
family, he has become rich profiting from
the death of that girl, okay, and there are people
who think
that he has given it prominence, this is not
what is the repercussion of the case from Bani
to pressure the authorities, if I
have to do one and not see, you don't know
how many things I have, if he wants me to
come back to a debate, I'll
[ __ ] him again, I'll [ __ ] him, just as
rich,
the fabric, I mean, people think that he is
capitalizing on the issue instead of the one who
has profited well from the issue, okay or  well
look at the visits that he had monthly
600 thousand worth
600 thousand before he died of Bani
600 thousand visits
thanks Rojo Ribera a huge hug
600 thousand visits a month
month
600000 a girl dies for 35 million
okay because he has squeezed the subject to the maximum
you want to know a kid who is
squeezing the subject but in a
respectful way the jump of fran
this kid well the vital subject
is reporting each news that comes out
okay but the move that they have announced now
rather TV on this channel together with
Rayito
Sautel with Rayito
and the and they have done a podcast this afternoon
okay what is commented more film that
abandons the case of Bani
that abandons the case of the bank and
if I can continue with the gossip with the
voice I will tell you everything
because he has been upset
that the channel that Bani's father
made a channel on YouTube because he really likes
fame Bani's father mafias does
not want anyone else to profit from Bani
only him  ok
[Music]
well here for friends welcome to
x-ray this time I'm very
excited because I have as a guest
a person who has never been a guest
on any other program or anywhere
nor has received
but it's that there isn't since he has been
dragging himself along with the so that they
invite him to things listen to me let's see
but he exercised very well but since the
two minutes that we have to see it has been
very good because this board with the board
with this one is worth so much with milk and he has
brought up the subject of Rics on several
occasions what has happened what
has happened what the
hell I was friends with Rics therefore I
tried to avoid the subject that made him
uncomfortable
pay attention to the facts of
course in fact we have our fetishes
like a heretic magician one for the planet we
all have countless crazy things in
our minds we all have maybe
our perversions and we all
have that right to be what we
want to be in our privacy or with
our friends or do to our
privacy what we want and sometimes we
make that stupid mistake of
burning people it's going to give you numbers
when it's the other way around although when you
protect your people is where
the doors open for you and you can have a few more
opportunities maybe in the networks and
no the answer is nobody fortunately
nobody has threatened me from influences of
telling me not to release this or much less
because the information always
corroborated it except
except
the case of Dallas Review
Dallas revived I interviewed a
17 year old girl who the thing when she was 15
and asked her very strong things
and this Dallas kid
threatened her family that if she
reported them that if she reported him it
would be the other way around a complaint
against the parents for obviously
allowing their daughter to send photographs
send her pac the discharge but it also confused them
that the family right now in these
moments is scared they don't know
what to do against a
media monster like the Dallas I know that it is an
investigation I know
that you already know about me but but it was
something that is something that is already an international legal issue
that I understand and I would not have the
legal means to be able to understand it I would have to
travel  to Argentina to get to know him a
little more but it's the same thing I mean I feel like
even Dallas has already understood his mistake
and maybe from that [ __ ] up he could have already gotten
his life back on track and figure out
where things were going
buytheface me in
in
trying to scratch fame in this way thank
goodness at least in this one he hasn't
done like the other one thank
goodness in this one at least I haven't
done like the other time when he also accused
of harassing minors I do
n't know if it's the same one I think I don't know if it's the
same one to Aurum play
because I'll open a play if he finds
out or has found out about that he'll
take it but Aura is coming a puppet maybe
in the country he has to take the biggest
[ __ ] lawyer there is
give him balls
the chalet balls let's
see 41
a message that you want to send to Rics
well I hope he's okay and I
wish him the best it can't be we're going to
get into a very delicate subject raya
because I didn't talk to him well the
truth is it's been a long time you're not going to
delete this he doesn't promise it is  I tried it
your answers stay and ok if
even the oatmeal pops out Ryan over here it is like that his
veins started popping out and from
a million dollar interview it's you what do you
think about the subject I I I
think that definitely Rics is a
person who was very difficult to read and to
know sometimes what his true
intentions were I think he was always a
friendly person with me and he was always
cool but sometimes he was a person
who sometimes lost the sense of what
was right and what was wrong so it
was very complicated to judge
because I'm not his father to say
okay he wasn't into what you did to him what he did was done to him you
know he's not
going to tell you every weekend he had
experiences that he went too far with
people because there wasn't that way either of
course but he was a person who was
constantly at his best in an environment
that well of dubious origin is
exactly so on the one hand
now what happened for the reason why they
put him in well I don't know I didn't
see anything you know I don't know either so I
can't give an opinion on
something that I didn't see so all I have left is
to trust  the word of one and the
other is clear to me and apart from what we
both have exactly then for you it is
very complicated to try to carry out an
investigation as such. I believe that behind the
subject that he is talking about, he said,
I think there was a lot of politics
involved, I don't know what you all think, okay, I
let the guy be a slob and a
[ __ ] pig and everything, okay, I don't
deny it or know it, he doesn't talk about it either, you
saw strange things, the truth is,
none of his friends and all those who
hung out were any example, I mean,
many friends came out to disassociate themselves
from this rics when they were all [ __ ]
scum, okay, but if the subject hadn't
been a political campaign, they
wouldn't condemn a turkey for a testimony, not a [ __ ]
joke, I
mean, but not a [ __ ] joke,
in any country they condemn you simply
for a testimony, I mean, there has to be
something more for it to be,
imagine being condemned for a
testimony,
testimony, there has to be something, at
least something, not something called a message,
something but something, something to
hold on to, but without even a [ __ ]
testimony
that says man
what does he say
what else do we have to see in fact I think
that both say that it is a very
political issue yes and since I know them both I
can also take one side of
time take the other then as
such the truth if it is not true or I
prefer to be in the middle and say both it
could be yes as it could be no
is my answer then so neutral
with the how you saw it well it is very
complicated you know I mean I think that
nobody wants to be in jail
the truth Fabian interviewed him while he was
in jail no
especially
with the ineptitude and the lack of capacity of
our authorities because
the accusatory criminal issue of
Mexico has been discussed it is in its infancy
I have many doubts about what happened
with nothing I send you a big kiss I do not
respect you you know that I truly have a
great respect for you and your brother
however I feel that sometimes this was
used in a more
political way you know more media
and people joined like this issue
just to give it a voice
Anna and Harris in a way to
hang on to the numbers that they had
not a
political campaign I mean it was like when they
asked there that this country  what a
red fabric tail and when they asked for a few
influencers who had criticized in the
past I don't know if the Green Party
and they paid them to campaign
politically look at what Fabian just said he
says in the criminal matter
the word will not be hung is until he has said
but he said something like incompetence
not the incompetence in the criminal matter that there is
here in Mexico well there you have it anyway how the
[ __ ] they convicted a guy
for v I
don't know what the crime would be someone in
doctor
because he accompanied the girl and how
he missed the fact that she was drunk something
like that it was like because the testimony was made I stopped either
the sentence
the convicted woman destroyed them by the way if
the Dallas video was very good luck
or the sentence
and without justifying the payment it is
known but there is no evidence or rather
how justice does not work because of what
the people think or because of what the people
think or what the
judge himself thinks many times the judge himself
can say today to EFE
I believe I believe in the word of this
girl I believe that the guy is  guilty
but he can't he has to use
the law you understand and the law
tells you that there has to be one for you to
make the sentence for you to make
the sentence there has to be something to
grab on to it's not that I
trust the girl's testimony okay let's
go it
was for attempted
and also without a criminal record well it's that of
course the doctor won't eat
hey
karim in what minutes was the
debian thing
in what minute was the baní thing he
says he's going to drop the case well I
see it in fran's sauce
let's
see how many people come today
defending the rights of like your
life was at risk for being in heaven they
threw her out of the hotel but they never
showed her the body she likes the plane there
were fabián steps let's see it we
have it here let's
see let's
see what fabián says what's up
my dear how are you
all okay carnal all good here you know
giving hard to this thing today
you tell me that you're a little busy I'm not going to
take much of your time today we're going to
do live and it will depend on
how much time you want to take
answering what I'm going to ask you
okay
but okay
this  for me
the issue of valuable is going to surprise you
because it is to opt for 23 degrees
with the square eye and if you want to go
ahead if you can know if I can
advance something
I do not want to be part of illusion where
even Ban's father is a puppet of
the prosecutor's office thanks thing no no no it's not
right or so the
decision by which you decide to
withdraw completely is because you
know or knew that the father should go
because basically he is lending himself to
the prosecutor's office a moment ago he said
that he is going for everyone's heads
I will not leave him
- there is no style there is no one
lame if I am going to be very frank and
honest
the truth
[Music]
when approaching where they have tried to
identify
problems
[ __ ] the call was cut off and also
the microphone is being put on the frame
directly because I think that this microphone
with the power left us in the middle we are going to
call him directly because if it does not
work for us then dial
yes yes we hear you if you are I do not know where you
are but you hear the issue of the
father
with everyone ready wanting to
find
the character
of his character
but a man who is already his own
we found  to his daughter
asterisk they summoned us to the hotel but they
never showed the body of his daughter
that he saw her
and understood in the autopsy of law
I hear say and I assure it again and I
breathe water again
ok the truth
those responsible
[Music]
1 is
that you hear him laughing uncle is that you
hear ribles
says karime fabián is disguising that he
leaves the case of bani because of the father
but today they found another
dead girl that they had been looking for for
almost a month now he is going to give
that case a hard time the cow of bani no longer
has milk
if in fact I love the video of salsa
frank today
or rather salsa frank has
two videos today of finding the body of
yolanda martinez
the salsero of fran
oh the good thing each one
each one does what they see the truth let's
see me for the minors being frank I see
that he is disrespectful to us I to fabián him
without his face I mean I already said it about
fabia
the amount of videos and so on
is not important I
mean the amount of  videos the views
that it has and the money that it is making
is not the way to
milk a subject when it is not necessary, I
mean if you tell me about Johnny's trial, I
said Amber, okay
in the Johnny D. Anvers trial it lasts six
weeks, every day new information comes out
and there is new content to update,
okay if you have to make 80 videos to
report everything I've
done, well it is a case it must be
treated with respect in a sensitive case
too, but oh well, it's okay to
make videos, it's okay, okay
to question how we always lack
respect in the problem, but of course, releasing
videos like churros to profit from
more 12 topics, I don't know the truth, I am that this
man, I have always seen the same thing about him, the
same about ballet, let's move on to
salsa and everything, more fun, no
Nimbus angry with me,
loose or so my child said when
little
Sanford called today from the Sanz camera, she
has given her Sanz fada mime, my muse is
angry with me because she says she doesn't
like my title, she
says it is very key, I
don't understand why we come to my
Clean Bay channel,
micro micro,
what's wrong with you  seen seen what's
wrong with you javi you still have
its moons did you see how Saw fell I bought it
yesterday I
bought it yesterday Saulo I saw it fall so much yesterday
that he said it was on fire it can't fall I sold them I
sold them for 100 or so I
sold them at the time but yesterday yesterday I bought
a little pack
hello I'll check at least in 60 days
half of it will fall I can't even see it he doesn't want to
look at it we hope I don't think
they'll stay even half of it will fall I'm
going to cry too and she's angry under the
height that the microphone under the height
hello hello hello
to the one who asked me about the moons I
imagine that it will recover when
the whole market recovers let's see this is
to be done
[Music]
to go doing it to be patient the to
the topics this is time to
buy let's see the topics these of
Christ I of course do not recommend her
let her get involved unless you have
money that you know you don't care to
lose it if you have to lose it okay
then I
bought them yesterday man I think they were like
59 or 60 something like that because when it was having
a good fall and I said [ __ ] this
at any moment it could bounce back but the
rebound has fallen a lot more but
[Music]
but I do
n't think it's going to stay at this price I mean
in these things you have to do
in these things you have to do of
course but for that it
obviously has to be that you've put in money
that you don't care about losing it let's
see what you don't care about but the [ __ ] it
doesn't mean anything to you to lose it
[Music]
leave it there and forget about it you
know like I
know like forget it's been a year I
had it for almost a year the other time I
had them for almost a year they reached 100 in
December I think it was and then it fell
and then it fell so fast I almost cried
when it fell I must have sold them I don't
know what holder
and then it went back up to 100 and then I
let it go
but I had it for almost a year I tried to
forget what happened and yesterday or the day before yesterday I looked
and they were like they were they were
like 62
I was a [ __ ] [ __ ] where did they come from
where did they come from it was a  [ __ ] [ __ ] you
know and
and I say I've supported 60 already at
any time and the rebound but no no it has
fallen to thirty something right now they
are teaching me how to recover the
money lost in Christ' coins
and I started working at the factory in the
wheelbarrow or the Madonna or something
a man
not selling dates at a loss for not
selling he doesn't sell them and you expect
a man to get down to
business it's
Carlos thank you very much
investing in a will and grace golem
like when you go to buy a car and
you buy a toy one not like that I
started playing futures in
things and since I almost always lost I've
seen it
I'm not an expert okay I don't have
any without any expert or anything I
like to be signing and today I have a
little bit of money saved up so
sometimes when I see that there's a
big drop if I can buy something
okay but I don't recommend that you do it
if you don't have knowledge or
any concept but under no
circumstances and above all what I always
say no
[Music]
yes yes invest in something that is money that
you don't care that you know that  you can
have that you can be left with zero that
you can take and lose it all
well neither mute
nor mute she is very angry with me okay she is
very angry because she did not like the
title that I put on
yesterday's extract and not only that but also on the
way already on the way she wanted to comment on
the title of my video she responded to
Vegeta okay he said well since I was
answering Javi I am going to answer him this is
this one too and he took it he responded it
was yesterday half an hour after we
are commenting on the subject okay I mean I think
he has the notifications
activated let's see what it is what he
said because yesterday I could not pay
attention to what he said to me cheer up so
let's see it today okay
what wind and Vegeta
777 talked about Silver's voice and gave his
opinion on YouTube that's what he
understands because it seems that he did not investigate in
fact if you are interested it is on YouTube let's
see
[Music]
there are those famous people with money 777 go on
lengths go
out Vegeta 777 put the cheers in their place
vegueta 777 do you think about bildu
bears? Doesn't she like all of them? Does she
speak soles silver inym do you think about the
bears arcadia 2? In fact, I'm
seeing that I precisely like it to
use it. What happens is that it's not there yet.
Also, let's
see if you green or
[Music]
in the video, friends, I
respect it, but it doesn't respond to what
vegeta said about her, silver, it's not that no, it
didn't end, so I prefer that there's nothing, that there's something that's so doll-like, you know, but no, but I understand, I understand that better than nothing, the best thing is the way, that is, to taste, the colors, like your opinion, like saying, let's see, I
personally don't like it being there, I
prefer that there's nothing, it should already be
doing a cameo with the family, that's why I do
n't understand, but I
personally, on a personal level of taste, I
prefer that they have nothing to having a nickname, you
know,
12 years,
3,300 subscribers, they have tweets, the mood,
watch out,
13 years ago and our vice statistics,
the majority of my audience is from 18 to 24,
all  everyone says the same thing I'm
seeing Goku himself talking to me
you know
in fact of
course on a personal level no no it doesn't really appeal to me either
you know but
I prefer to put this than to put
nothing I understand
Vicente I mean to see and no one doesn't know
the program comes out I installed the program
you want me to try it you want me to
try it now I
installed the program to be vtv now
we're going to try it I
mean to see and no one doesn't quite the
opposite there are very good ones
but it
will definitely be great I'm expensive but
fish eye and I say that there are only a few people I mean I
mean it can be super
funny super cool the humor super good
one comment but what doesn't quite
call me is that there's the grace or mega
thank you very much
thirteen months omega and you know if I understand what you're
saying I've seen it's from another
environment guys are super used
to precisely not putting cameras and that I
mean it's totally respectable that I don't know
what type doesn't end up calling him to get his
attention and convince him of the
avatars because after all if you
have it is still something new to you
guys are used to it because they see me
and they see silver but in reality
most people are not used to
lengths it is not normal I mean it is not
content integration yet normal
and never lacked respect like saying about
[ __ ] or is that bad
opinions did not pay his colors no I
like man I like it more
look imagine this vegetable
these directs that he always does
commenting playing whatever imagine
that there was an avatar there that was
capturing him like none his
movements his expressions more or less
the best possible I would
give it a little more I would give it a
little more seasoning not in the style
simply the gameplay but those steps
are neither better nor worse for use to me I
see that it would give it a little more
juice no no he said in my personal opinion
in what I like and do not like I do
not like this then nothing to do with
those super click titles 20 friends
who came out here after the earthquake watching the
video I hope to see how veguitas 77 puts
the youtubers in their place they do
not well they leave evidence of the failures of
the seen bernal to see or rather
the key
as if nothing to do with
vegeta put the v in his place  see your
site what is the string
if you don't know youtube
don't tell me your problems friends it
's like she said I don't like to list I
also understand that the people who
do it is because in the end when fasting that
she expected when she saw the
title she expected that it was going to go maybe
that time
something knows how to despise them or something like that
what the title is misinterpreted but
son
listen to me life is like that okay I have to eat I have to
eat army has to
eat air okay it
's as if there were a webcam and they can
express more although it seems more false to
say it in a more artificial way
and better said
see that they express more and they think that it is
better
in fact this treatment is surely going to be
called
neither mu
nor very burst and responds to
hybrid vegetable in the worst possible way
it seems to me that he has reacted in the
worst possible way and he is bursting I do
n't know if it is well agree with me
and it is
interesting and I
think it is because we have stayed
from youtube until I saw it in fact I
think it would be
first
but I think it
is true that the blonde was like the famous
famous youtuber that he is and I am  hard
but I'm never going to use the
scalpel avatar again there won't be any more
because of course when it appeared in arcadia
I said do you want I said
silver when he wanted he said
this because I
said because I wasn't very clear but
then later I saw it and I said wow I
like the idea but I think the
program still convinces you but the program
with which it is made is still not
good enough not always
telling them that for example in the case
of silver what is cool is how it looks it is
silver sun I can't imagine silver with an
avatar that you could perfectly see his
movements and that he would take the
detainees to be more judged it
is improving compared to the ones there
are but dude but I'm going to filme de
chavón I mean it's not out of disrespect
silver but yes but it doesn't have 3g of asian
and nadal and you get in little one me of course of course of course of course he
only moves his
mouth for the sound no
that no I this
for friend and he said it seems to me that the
technology of these avatars no it is not
good it is not enough
tower it is very funny but clearly
anyone who sees this avatar I don't
think saying the technology of
our length also gives us if they have  in the
dad dad the technology of the
technology no you also said [ __ ]
like what we saw yesterday in that god in the
case of silver it is done wrong on
purpose of course I am not in charge I do not know anymore
that is the grace it is not the grace he
is a good man
[Laughs]
in the grace I am
sorry I like it or rather and in the visit
that ended a chorus at least
at least I am well my face my
expressions to stick out my tongue I put
your hands pressure hands is that I
yesterday when we saw the video and said beta it
is not that it is not very well
achieved and the [ __ ] we have already seen
encouragement in a few of bs and when we have
seen well later we went to
see the coquí makiese that we saw later
the girl that was like [ __ ] I mean she
wants a vegetable
that is not achieved
yes I can kiss the mouth of the doll
right now
since it is not achieved of course but I
there night count
I like it is achieved and
look encouragement has achieved that she wants
normal but I doubt
to see
that silver I really love her
avatar but if we are going to talk about
usual technology and facial expression
clearly it is funny but it is funny
and no it does not have  the quiet one because he doesn't
need it because it's not his aesthetic and
we're going to use that one of years that was the
typical one by
the mouth knows if it's true that I still
care two parts in the face
Javier underage not a word
none of them is underage is a
minor we
already talked about that
peppers of the face where are you going
I could be his grandfather yes things
not
to the coquina here I caught it macchi in
underage
the last one here cuqui mari
is
a strange thing
look at silver dude let's
see the good idea
the idea is he supports it I would have I would have been
silver if
I could go back look at the fair ladies kept stopping me telling me that they would put my live shows on at night to sleep and well the kids from the south franco thank you very much friends welcome remind you all that you have the member link pinned in the description
you for a dog now more to arabia
servytur see but okay now when I
finished watching what he said not a word I'm going to
try that's the beat huber
because it was clear that it was spoken
as if it is not there but look at it in arcadia
tempt  someone because it was clear that
we were dubbed as if it was not
entirely done
as if the real one was done
normally
well then that I think that
today for it to work one hundred
percent well until in the future it
works by webcam because from what I
understand by webcam
imagine that the face
and
the valley the camera and
silver will be added that has mentioned that which is
also funny from the root that is a
rat all deformed unlike others
you see that they are the same that is why it works it has I do not
say that it is the main reason why it is
successful because clearly
the dubber towards the avatar does not but
clearly today we play that [ __ ]
we play that crap
where I download that game it gives it a lot of
flavor that it is all uniform and
vegueta says it does not seem to me that this
technology we are not going yet what
has happened to us I
think he encouraged the race he
changed the
Instagram camera I think live without wanting to be
changed from the camera behind the
source be informed be informed
well it was on Instagram tweets but he I that
you use it do you want it to have more
quality within nothing
direct looking for a
filtering
we will see in
5 years
of course from people  that best
suits them but I mean
the technology doesn't exist yet where he would
do it like this he says it would be to use vitu see or just
talk to me or talk to me visits and
usual here I am life the expert
and to the vegueta and say wants he
needs help exclusive advice
do this is to be good at
gesticulation I have seen an encouragement video I
think it was
where the character is being swept away
then
dude the bg is waiting extra in the
superior mime technology to make
wicked to nothing but but I think it is
five minutes but sometimes
with less but with mime that we have
coincided they have to talk to you
vegeta who spielberg because
because his character is so incorrect and
says so many barbarities it feels bad to him
[Music]
but for example with mime we just
reached
426 thousand subscribers on the main channel
26 thousand subscribers okay we just
spent family your work too it is
incredible incredible incredible
terrible giving to ri because the video
milk sending the king because the video
and it is starting to explode the video the
main channel I have seen it
no  It started off really strong
and the one I recorded and it's also good
tomorrow about the little bear
tomorrow
tomorrow I'll do the little bear video probably
because it's been here a magazine river of
I asked for
a magazine dude
churra for so long have you settled with the
author
no no no no let's see not even
settle a rule we just don't
talk each one to her own thing and such today he's going to
react to one of his videos that he
uploaded yesterday but I think we have the seo
but secondly I
bought a magazine from the year
of the year
and I didn't put the date of the magazine if you
look April 1, 2001 April
2000 it's this magazine and probably
tomorrow he released a video about which
cropping is brutal
although we have surrounded the bird it's super
good it's fun I have a good time
go I agree
but for example but that's why it
's nothing
against it I'm talking right about the
program itself it ends yet I
turned around my platini life friend my
platini dude that's it that's it
platini life I'm god now friend no
I don't talk to me don't
talk
to me don't open me anymore no
friends
yes I want that too
Diego, thank you very much, yes,
no, that's it, if I want them, I'll throw away
the filters, those filters,
those that I have to make air
that people with the donations and with the
lives make a clown face or something, you're
sick, I knew it, well, I've been,
man, it could be eaten that I just went through
this that it did to my throat that it
has left me mute,
the body of temperance,
freedom of whatever arises, it has it
as it has, like, how is that, that I have to
download, they
are filters,
no, no, but you don't have to ask an
artist, I mean, they are filters that people, I
mean, you in the chat with your
beats
[Music]
with your beats if you want, we are already
here in the extract and suddenly you
with the donations and those things
make me bald or you make me a clown with
it, whether you want it or not, that is a very good
incentive for people to donate or
that sounds stupid, but I think that I think that I think that
in fact, yes, I
think that in fact, so
an antibody analysis, let's see,
tomorrow, I think I'm going to buy the
antigen test, but really, a friend called me
the day before I got sick, it's that
a friend
[Music]
and I was on the phone with him for like two hours
and he saw me he literally saw me and I got wet
let's see
starting ok
ok I'm starting it ok
now what a really fat salsa dancer
now you're going to freak out what
you're really fat now you're going to
freak out
[ __ ] but I'm getting something else
to install why
young cook wo
n't it be a video this don't
touch something else
something else he's installing a thousand
things
driver of I don't know what what's
strange that there's no powers either well do
n't spend the time it's [ __ ] great in
fact spend the time he's not there at
all
in fact it's very good
eye eye I want it to come
see this program I tried it when I
started on youtube 7 years ago
but this is not what I want I want you to
look for me about what Ricky has that makes you look like a
clown makes you bald I don't
know what you
can look for me that on fire
we install it
camera filter for tweets in stream
lab or bs
in street lab that's the acid I have
the 8
eyes of the west opening
to cameras not available it says
because the  I have it here but they
operated on it and here is the camera
here but let's
see now
hello hello hello hello it does
n't pick up it doesn't
pick up it doesn't pick up
hello hello hello
2000 picks up it doesn't pick up let's
see I think the point I
think the point
what could be the problem
camera not available
hello hello hello
hello maybe they do
n't see me or well over the
fire but
hello
hello it does
n't see me it doesn't see me I
think it would have to be with a
webcam maybe not
or the webcam of course let's see and the webcam is
plugged in
plugged in Huesca - I'm going to go
well suck on the webcam don't go
give me a second late
you
won the fight hello hello hello let's
see the barbecue let's
see
but okay
but okay but okay okay
I'm a dog
hello
almost a [ __ ]
but we hope it will also be the other time we
start again
but wait we try again
the car let's
see
kameda is not variable what
hello sons of [ __ ]
this is not working
hello sons of [ __ ] it
's that
hello sons of  [ __ ] I [ __ ] on your
dead calibrating calibrating
hello hello hello this is not going to dude
this is not detecting anything
absolutely nothing not even the sound
every day
every one which is what the background
decorate forms a text a I don't know what the
problem is that it should
come out here for
the camera what is the radius to
choose the camera god it
's not picking up the camera
corner meters from the camera god
and the camera [ __ ] what can I do it doesn't
give me an option from anyone
the truth is here
but it's that it doesn't give me an option to anything god
the camera is in ls it doesn't notice the camera is not there the
bs doesn't come out you
see the camera now there are the
times but I have put the huesca okay the
webcam
the thing that connects because it hasn't caught me
then I have to disconnect something
this
to connect the ouija
if with this this asked me that I don't
know god it's that they
take time of course well well
another day okay another day
family we have tried
another day another day I am bea you see we have
tried
another day we see it calmly
another day we try the being verbal
ah
this is destiny
this is destiny that I have not wanted
just each one toná tonazo each one
deactivate the camera of the bs no no no that
was the move god I
had heard from the one from holland
that none of this doesn't work
that doesn't work god
that she called the program
is wrong it was a [ __ ] [ __ ]
call the program of [ __ ] [ __ ] get out seo
to
you had root of davide santón don't
tell me david a huge kiss king what's up
man
I hope he has a great time
how could it be bad if it works for him cheer up
look for pop and play time tomorrow we're going to
do a salsero and another one that just
happened to me they just sent me others since it was
private messages that nobody is commenting and
we're going to get ahead okay it happened
well what I have to say is that there is
bad vibes there is bad
vibes
/
silver
and
chocas
how is it there there is
bad vibes
between silver and chocas
incredible paper
incredible papo if you noticed already
in the squid game
something suspicious
happened something suspicious happened my age my
desktop audio is gone
[ __ ] god why let's
see now now that it is
lost way that  myth cacho calloway
why does
Chocar see it and pass by El Médano the
green pearl of the west why does the
city count
okay if you realize he's going to eat it
egg he's going to eat the eggs seeing that
Chocar hits me and Chocar
sends him to hell literally that he
gets lost way that myth cacho calloway
don't come see me dv
he thought it was because of the bad joke or
rather well surely he has realized
that Chocar has sent him to hell he
ignored it because he didn't want to give him fame
okay because Chocar is on the other
step okay of the hierarchy
but well there we see how Silver has
half-bullied him trying to carry things
as almost or because look why
the joke was very bad no what's
happening that between Chocar and Silver
there's really bad vibes at this moment
Silver didn't know
at that moment Silver didn't know but
Chocar no the good thing I couldn't see it he did
n't like
Chocar he didn't like Silver
another thing is that he didn't say it to his
face you know who if he did say it to his
face
you know  who if he said it to
Silver's face hey I don't like you
khatibi
the very same khatibi
to Andrés with the crash due to
know under
today that good guy never wanted to collaborate with
you who in the crash on Thursday
that
he threw [ __ ] at me I got up when I saw you
and that's where the story fits
when I went and met him he wrote and I
made
the
book he said agassi went to hell that
never never got the aladi why did he
send me to hell wish it to eat
that it's here to talk the [ __ ]
if this happens and get the story out and in
the tweet where Mariana posted he had
deserved it and that dignity
writing throwing [ __ ]
hahaha
because that mother is like it goes away
overnight
now he
's [ __ ] up he overcame this guy his hair
but he
seems better
but he has problems how do you
see I want to see again how they look in
arcadia man I need to see him again
[Music]
silver looks like this the mayor thank god I
saw him thank you so much it
can't be the guy who serves like that
arcadia so they
fixed what happened and they
fixed the chip kiss that I brought you
today it
turns out that when they met at the
squid games
chocas
ignored silver he hosted him he
made austin
silver step he didn't give it importance
but behind his back being captivity he
threw [ __ ] at him notice that with me he did
something similar
but it hasn't appeared it's different because
with me what he did was that
I was talking to ibai
I was talking to ibai I
think it was and goes and the one who talks to me not
me that even other times with ibai
some new ones flavor of joke then I to
him and in this one I think that I said to him and bye
[ __ ] don't kill me at night I don't
remember the casino and I was talking
something with ibai and choca got into the
conversation and gave xavi xabi finally
invited something
finally invited the eyes he came and
from behind with me it was eugenio he had
an account exclusively for me
important to follow his hierarchy and
let's see what silver thought at the
time when he found out about this
when when I put the it's the cndh the thing
damn it's not a robbery
they must have given it to Mariana recently I
dreamed that we were bathing together
enjoying the warm water that
surrounded our green bodies
it must be TVE see you wow I just threw it out there is
Paula we have the tweet yes we have
the first one send it by waza please of
course the thing is that Silver put a
tweet as if to say way what the [ __ ] he
stole the award they should have
given it to Mariana at the Slam Awards
which were
just
two days before the Squid Game so of
course when he went to approach Chocas
to do a cameo to make a joke
and Chocas saw it he said the [ __ ]
this [ __ ] who says that I didn't
deserve the award
hahahahaha watch TVE green and
that it
was stolen this
we have the clip the tripero
ah well no I don't have it open guasa
no no I don't have it open guasa
reasonable the video I
don't understand why they made the choque
if you want ideal Marian
oh how delicious and I like the
website
and then later I saw that
the double account will be highlighted  dudes it's already counted double he
put a comment on me I'm
ashamed we no longer have a twizy and
the gates mandra bergasa w
and in this one that I was saying today that don't [ __ ] with
Mariana she's never going to arrive and she's going to have
25 thousand 25 thousand subscribers and that the
[ __ ]
goodbye are comments that are not on the
topic you understand they are your comments
like
thank you very much for subscribing there is
a very important thing chat that
people know what I microwave is my
opinion and mandy sincerely opinion
is not to do anything
here to talk about there simply
some things that they said is that I
was defending myself from the
haters comments and a lot of people are applauding that
because I said oh no mommy I also
suffer publicly and I can't throw [ __ ] and
the [ __ ] thing I can't do anything through
her one with double count the mom yes
but if you put yourself in my case
I know if you put yourself in the case of my tweet
there is [ __ ] everything goes away understand it was not me
I had named him
type so you understand me way but already in the
sector already mobility for  that the guy
came to me
peter to throw me to have my [ __ ] it wasn't
my game maybe and well that's how he put both
and like you and the [ __ ] and no way it was
a country where the guy found him
I imagine he used tweets from teams 8 to
say any comment that
arrived the guy commented on the web but
that's yes but that's what I don't understand
why he's going to create albíter way and inside he
comments on your publications they put you
there that pure [ __ ] ta ta ta ta and
then you can respond but literally
this this was an external tweet way that
no party he was just named and the guy
came and
twitter
is if it's already bad web because it's not healthy
it's like
tagging or not some you saw a double
account throwing people
at
me like it's that the clash didn't
take advantage of his boom and the [ __ ] or is it what
the guy says I think it's an answer it's
not I have I want he's number
one I don't want to be number one for
everything and get up there lauro
answered him in what way look in the first
place weiss my [ __ ] event where
where did you go  if you believe all this
Grammy figure that they have dreams about you
but I already saw because if I cough and leto see you
compare brete and csr ximo I feel real if
I am good I am a [ __ ] monitor rayon and does
all this really exist I am on the
internet
but it does seem like things have to be
checked out with a psychologist almost
like I went to
therapy once because if not I don't know
why I had I had to go to therapy I
go myself because they happened to me in the
past and I
hope my friend well also friend
goes and takes his help not that you give me
however people are going to support the
kid and I feel that the kid has his
charisma he has your things there and I am
sure that I hope I hope and with the love of
God
the guy goes and comes that therapy well do
n't take this week of vacation he does
n't use the dance and I talk to
people and that the stories really I
say his personality of the strings
prevent the same one of spoilers he
took it on vacation he took it on
vacation and went to therapy at two  to
mine in a month and a half to arrive and throw
[ __ ] at them all that a [ __ ]
hater arrives fortnightly and you know that [ __ ] his
[ __ ] mother from the other and the mother
and you know what I mean, I
don't think they'll take the kid down what he's going to have to have
his fame he's not going to go away planet he has
the support of all see but if I have been there it has
been that a person who reaches
millions of people
lost subscribers the tsc occasion I don't know
why in the last hour
but people came to me to tell me that
chocas had lost subscribers
but I don't know if they mean
subscriptions or followers
that garete didn't
lose in the month
ten thousand followers love
yourself don't
kerr earrings or not I mean
one day he loses
250 another day he gains 2000
another day you gain 1
back let's
see tweets I do
n't know we'll see here what SUVs he has he
's so direct anger
saw
[Music]
what are his
16,000
let's see I would like it too I tell you I would
like it but at this moment he
has more
more let's see the same but a little more
Juan  guarnizo
not be
5 there are people who are a truth people
can show you something positive those types
of people well I feel that since many
people have avoided because if I
remember that in these texts I knew where
messages messages like motivational not
motivational messages where the vato
outgoing and toxic and he told you he's
going to fix another father well my
father that's how I say it I sing to the people not
you are my compadres it's not like
my best friend has him no no no
I don't say because if I talk but I continue he's very
badass
but look at cardin coros onetti or I mean
look at you
the mind of the tsc occasion
in the mind of chocas
silver told him I don't know what move in that
shitty tweet because a literal shitty tweet
and that's why I
had him
listed and I juan has 22 thousand 6 and the
collision the collision will now be
at most among the first 10 let's see they have
sent me others followed at the
last minute
to see if I understand it let's see it
turns out
and it turns out that they have sent me
this move they just sent it to me in
family it
turns out there's a guy
called I don't know him they tell me he
has an account
[Music]
dmm of translations I didn't know him at
least he's sending it now by waza they
end up giving it to me rich let's
see
jean king pain I'm tarnished
black flips
scoliosis you
keep
forsythe
don't be a dick don't be penis
meme of translations I
don't understand it much
to sleep efe maleh monkey to sleep off the
hangover
well it's an account that does this on
twitter okay and it turns out the boy
threw beef our li
because it seems that he
has copied the format I do
n't know if he has copied it
or has always existed
no I don't know that this is the first time I see it
league of legends legend of the league
okay it's supposed to be like a joke
between he
offered a joke of the
English translation but bad
okay he says that's called his clear
okay well
wherli has used my format it's a matter
of hours that he reaches ibai it has been a
pleasure
reeve the meme of the translations of
hesse
has lasted four days
and comes and goes and responds but if this
format has  existing on twitter for six
years what do you say of inventing
here I don't know god I
mean he says let's see if sometimes they don't have
tending family I mean this
format
exists not always no what happens is that
this kid has created an account
to be facts
or several
no I
mean the move is that
the buoy that the kid has an account
for this
the streaming title said huang they
will return come on
if the laugh is that I'm a bit of a boomer the
laugh is because it translates badly it doesn't
overwhelms me much all this attention and I don't
know how to manage it so I'm going to be
in archive until tomorrow he
just threw beef at me and bye he
just threw an ugly encore at you but the
shout was also cool 'no no a
little bit no I
mean the district has been a bit cool
ando I
really like him and bye but I think
he's not aware of the amount of hate that's
going to fall on me today my god
oh my god my son of my life the
amount of hate
oh my god he has a love
but if you have a ton of tweets with
more attention in fact and I bet you a
steak hito and you yourself have  made echo
is proud that he has you a good
congratulated me I'm going to get a lot of
hate today and goes and is not aware or rather are you
already trying to mark yourself a caesar
blue by chance
or rather you want to be the victim like
when he was going to and
participated in them calling him a cannibal you do to
the blue caesar blue I forgive him running
even though they defamed him all over twitter
in exchange for that he was going to injure charly
is or rather what you want is to
stop by ibai's choice tomorrow yes no
what he wants is to stop by iba
street tomorrow and I say like this I've been
super happy all day with
everything we've created and with all the
messages I've received and suddenly
the most famous person in Spain comes along
and tells you what you think you've
achieved is [ __ ] [ __ ] well you
get quite sad
the most famous person in Spain
no
longer I'm losing work places I
don't want to worry anymore I want to think
that we have created a
very nice little community with very nice and
ingenious people thanks to everyone for the
messages see you tomorrow thanks for
the 35 thousand
don't you  rayes plus the VAT and he's been live for 6 hours he
was fed up with
everyone and he paid for it with the first one he
caught which in this case was you
silencing tweets and he's still feeling
proud because he's popularized created
or whatever a format that all of Spain is using
this guy created that format
but without voice
and this is so strong that I don't know I feel he'll
make me recover my voice at this moment
or already throwing I've done half says
goodbye to you all okay
oh wait hey
recover it a little I'm
getting tears in my eyes but oh well
but wait a little longer a little longer I like it I like
uff I can't wait
okay I'll do it who I
understand that victimhood god
the people who are uploading old photos and
videos of me you know I
was 14 years old I can report you
where are they getting a video study from
when I was 14
anyway dude it's white let's
see what the website is 30 gr
or rather like if suddenly the putt and
ximo and dance answers a tweet he
answers him with a sense of humor
or rather I don't see either  that is super
offensive or anything like that no
to life and dance just answered do
not worry bro we will fix it in the
evening 3 of course
up to here in family
up to here the hybrid
my beloved mom of the spray
already has a little chance and desire of
the followers take advantage of the moment
answer with humor bread good vibes no
but the most famous uncle in Spain has
destroyed
has destroyed my dream upload memes that
already existed and puts it
well I was going and I did not have because it is the edge
I did not know it existed yes it already existed I
have popularized it sorry for the
misunderstanding friend
I did not know it existed in that there is
hunger family paella I leave it here that I
can not do it anymore better to cry to the
bullfighting moussilou or whatever your name is on
twitter family thank you very much for
the live do not forget to subscribe to
the members please everyone
the moment I hang the right I
can not believe
at the moment in which the live
at the moment that we put it live
please and everyone to the video the
main channel leave me a like and leave me
a comment when  You see me telling you
two it seems like a kiss people
[Music]
now